feat(): add complexity, extensions, mongo decorators, etc (#1269)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/security.md

app.use(helmet());
```

> > info **Hint** Note that `app.use(helmet())` must come before other setup (or at least before any other config that may call `app.use()`). The order that middleware/routes are defined matters. If you use middleware like `helmet`/`cors` after you define a route, then that middleware will not apply to that route, it will only apply to middleware defined after the route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Note that `app.use(helmet())` must come before other calls to `app.use()` or setup functions that may call `app.use()`). This is due to the way the underlying platform (e.g., Express) works, where the order that middleware/routes are defined matters. If you use middleware like `helmet` or `cors` after you define a route, then that middleware will not apply to that route, it will only apply to middleware defined after the route.
```
